Light fills the room, coaxing me from deep sleep to wakefulness. I stretch out and open my eyes. It's a beautiful May morning, Seattle at my feet. Wow, what a view. Beside me, Christian Grey is fast asleep. Wow, what a view. I'm surprised he's still in bed. He's facing me, and I have an unprecedented opportunity to study him. His lovely face looks younger, relaxed in sleep. His sculptured, pouty lips are parted slightly, and his shiny, clean hair is a glorious mess. How could anyone look this good and still be legalI remember his room upstairs... perhaps he's not legal. I shake my head, so much to think about. It's tempting to reach out and touch him, but like a small child, he's so lovely when he's asleep. I don't have to worry about what I'm saying, what he's saying, what plans he has, especially his plans for me.
I could gaze at him all day, but I have needs - bathroom needs. Slipping out of bed, I find his white shirt on the floor and shrug it on. I walk through a door thinking that it might be the bathroom, but I'm in a vast walk-in closet as big as my bedroom. Lines and lines of expensive suits, shirts, shoes, and ties. How can anyone need this many clothesI tut with disapproval. Actually, Kate's wardrobe probably rivals this. Kate! Oh no. I didn't think about her all evening. I was supposed to text her. Crap. I'm going to be in trouble. I wonder briefly how she's getting on with Elliot.
Returning to the bedroom, Christian is still asleep. I try the other door. It's the bathroom, and it's bigger than my bedroom. Why does one man need so much spaceTwo sinks, I notice with irony. Given he doesn't sleep with anyone, one of them can't have been used.
I stare at myself in the gigantic mirror above the sinks. Do I look differentI feel different. I feel a little sore, if I'm honest, and my muscles - jeez it's like I've never done any exercise in my life. You don't do any exercise in your life, my subconscious has woken.
She's staring at me with pursed lips, tapping her foot. So you've just slept with him, given him your virginity, a man who doesn't love you. In fact, he has very odd ideas about you, wants to make you some sort of kinky sex slave.
ARE YOU CRAZY She's shouting at me.
I wince as I look in the mirror. I am going to have to process all this. Honestly, fancy falling for a man who's beyond beautiful, richer than Croesus, and has a Red Room of Pain waiting for me. I shudder. I'm bewildered and confused. My hair is its usual wayward self. Just-fucked hair doesn't suit me. I try and bring order to the chaos with my fingers but fail miserably and give up - maybe I'll find hair ties in my purse.
I'm starving. I head back out to the bedroom. Sleeping beauty is still sleeping, so I leave him and head for the kitchen.
Oh no... Kate. I left my purse in Christian's study. I fetch it and reach for my cell phone. Three texts.
*RU OK Ana*
*Where RU Ana*
*Damn it Ana*
I call Kate. When she doesn't answer, I leave her a groveling message to tell her I am alive and have not succumbed to Bluebeard, well not in the sense she would be worried about - or perhaps I have. Oh this is so confusing. I have to try and categorize and analyze my feelings for Christian Grey. It's an impossible task. I shake my head in defeat. I need alone time, away from here to think.
I find two welcome hair ties at the same time in my bag and quickly tie my hair in pigtails. Yes! The more girly I look, perhaps the safer I'll be from Bluebeard. I take my iPod out of the bag and plug my headphones in. There's nothing like music to cook by. I slip it into the breast pocket of Christian's shirt, turn it up loud, and start dancing.
Holy hell, I'm hungry.
I am daunted by his kitchen. It's so sleek and modern and none of the cupboards have handles. It takes me a few seconds to deduce that I have to push the cupboard doors to open them. Perhaps I should cook Christian breakfast. He was eating an omelet the other day... um, yesterday at the Heathman. Jeez, so much has happened since then. I check in the fridge, where there are plenty of eggs, and decide I want pancakes and bacon. I set about making some batter, dancing my way round the kitchen.
Being busy is good. It allows a bit of time to think but not too deeply. Music blaring in my ears also helps to stave off deep thought. I came here to spend the night in Christian Grey's bed, and managed it, even though he doesn't let anyone in his bed. I smile, mission accomplished. Big time. I grin. Big, big time, and I'm distracted by the memory of last night. His words, his body, his lovemaking... I close my eyes as my body hums at the recollection, and my muscles contract deliciously deep in my belly. My subconscious scowls at me... fucking - not lovemaking - she screams at me like a harpy . I ignore her, but deep down I know she has a point. I shake my head to concentrate on the task at hand.
There is a state-of-the-art range. I think I have the hang of it. I need somewhere to keep the pancakes warm, and I start on the bacon. Amy Studt is singing in my ear about misfits. This song used to mean so much to me, that's because I'm a misfit. I have never fitted in anywhere and now... I have an indecent proposal to consider from King Misfit himself. Why is he this wayNature or NurtureIt's so alien to anything I know.
I put the bacon under the grill, and while it's cooking, I whisk some eggs. I turn, and Christian is sitting on one of the bar stools at the breakfast bar, leaning on it, his face supported by his steepled hands. He's still wearing the t-shirt he's slept in. Just-fucked hair really, really suits him, as does his designer stubble. He looks both amused and bewildered.
I freeze, flush, then gather myself and pull the headphones out of my ears, my knees weak at the sight of him.
Good morning, Miss Steele. You're very energetic this morning, he says dryly.
I slept well, I stutter my explanation. His lips try to mask his smile.
I can't imagine why. He pauses and frowns. So did I, after I came back to bed.
Are you hungry?
Very, he says with an intense look, and I don't think he's referring to food.
Pancakes, bacon, and eggs?
Sounds great.
I don't know where you keep your placemats. I shrug, trying desperately hard not to look flustered.
I'll do that. You cook. Would you like me to put some music on so you can continue your... err... dancing?
I stare down at my fingers, knowing that I am turning puce.
Please, don't stop on my account. It's very entertaining. His tone is one of wry amusement.
I purse my lips. Entertaining ehMy subconscious has doubled over in laughter at me.
I turn and continue to whisk the eggs, probably beating them a little harder than they need.
In a moment, he's beside me. He gently pulls my pigtail.
I love these, he whispers. They won't protect you. Hmm Bluebeard...
How would you like your eggs? I ask tartly. He smiles.
Thoroughly whisked and beaten, he smirks.
I turn back to the task at hand, trying to hide my smile. He's hard to stay mad at. Especially when he's being so uncharacteristically playful. He opens a drawer and takes out two black slate placemats for the breakfast bar. I pour the egg mix into a pan, pull out the bacon and turn it over, and put it back under the grill.
When I turn back round, there is orange juice on the table, and he's making coffee.
Would you like some tea?
Yes, please. If you have some.
I find a couple of plates and place them in the warming tray of the range. Christian reaches into a cupboard and pulls out some Twining's English Breakfast tea. I purse my lips.
Bit of a foregone conclusion wasn't I?
Are youI'm not sure we've concluded anything yet, Miss Steele, he murmurs.
What does he mean by thatOur negotiationsOur, err... relationship... whatever that is He's still so cryptic. I serve up the breakfast onto the heated plates and lay them on the placemats. I hunt in the refrigerator and find some maple syrup.
I glance up at Christian, and he's waiting for me to sit down.
Miss Steele. He motions to one of the bar stools.
Mr. Grey. I nod in acknowledgement. I climb up and wince slightly as I sit down.
Just how sore are you? he asks as he sits down. His gray eyes dark.
I flush. Why does he ask such personal questions?
Well, to be truthful, I have nothing to compare this to, I snap at him. Did you wish to offer your commiserations? I ask too sweetly. I think he's trying to stifle a smile, but I can't be sure.
No. I wondered if we should continue your basic training.
Oh. I stare at him dumbfounded as I stop breathing and everything inside me clenches tight. Ooh... that's so nice. I suppress my groan.
Eat, Anastasia. My appetite has become uncertain again... more... more sex... yes please.
This is delicious, incidentally. He grins at me.
I try a forkful of omelet but can barely taste it. Basic training! I want to fuck your mouth. Does that form part of basic training?
Stop biting your lip. It's very distracting, and I happen to know you're not wearing anything under my shirt which makes it even more distracting, he growls.
I dunk my teabag in the small pot that Christian has provided. My mind is in a whirl.
What sort of basic training did you have in mind? I ask, my voice slightly too high, betraying my wish to sound as natural, disinterested, and calm as I can with my hormones wreaking havoc through my body.
Well, as you're sore, I thought we could stick to oral skills.
I choke on my tea, and I stare at him, eyes wide and gaping. He pats me gently on the back and passes me some orange juice. I cannot tell what he's thinking.
That's if you want to stay, he adds. I glance up at him, trying to recover my equilibrium. His expression is unreadable. It's so frustrating.
I'd like to stay for today. If that's okay. I have to work tomorrow.
What time do you have to be at work tomorrow?
Nine.
I'll get you to work by nine tomorrow.
I frown. Does he want me to stay another night?
I'll need to go home tonight - I need clean clothes.
We can get you some here.
I don't have spare cash to spend on clothes. His hand comes up, and he grasps my chin, tugging it so my lip is released from the grip of my teeth. I'm not even aware I've been biting my lip.
What is it? he asks.
I need to be home this evening.
His mouth is a hard line.
Okay, this evening, he acquiesces. Now eat your breakfast.
My thoughts and my stomach are in turmoil. My appetite has vanished. I stare at my half-eaten breakfast. I'm just not hungry.
Eat, Anastasia. You didn't eat last night.
I'm really not hungry, I whisper.
His eyes narrow.
I would really like you to finish your breakfast.
What is it with you and food? I blurt. His brow knits.
I told you, I have issues with wasted food. Eat, he snaps. His eyes are dark, pained.
Holy Crap. What is that all about I pick up my fork and eat slowly, trying to chew.
I must remember not to put so much on my plate if he's going to be weird about food. His expression softens as I carefully make my way through my breakfast. I note that he cleans his plate. He waits for me to finish, and then he clears my plate.
You cooked, I'll clear.
That's very democratic.
Yes. He frowns. Not my usual style. After I've done this, we'll take a bath.
Oh, okay. Oh my... I'd much rather have a shower. My cell rings, interrupting my reverie. It's Kate.
Hi. I wander over to the glass doors of the balcony, away from him.
Ana, why didn't you text last night? She's angry.
I'm sorry, I was overtaken by events.
You're okay?
Yes, I'm fine.
Did you? She's fishing for information. I roll my eyes at the expectation in her voice.
Kate, I don't want to talk over the phone. Christian glances up at me.
You did... I can tell.
How can she tellShe's bluffing, and I can't talk about this. I've signed a damned agreement.
Kate, please.
What was it likeAre you okay?
I've told you I'm okay.
Was he gentle?
Kate, please! I can't hide my exasperation.
Ana, don't hold out on me, I've been waiting for this day for nearly four years.
I'll see you this evening. I hang up.
That is going to be one difficult square to circle. She's so tenacious, and she wants to know - in detail, and I can't tell her because I've signed a - what was it calledNDA.
She'll freak and rightly so. I need a plan. I head back to watch Christian move gracefully around his kitchen.
The NDA, does it cover everything? I ask tentatively.
Why? he turns and gazes at me while putting the Twinings away. I flush.
Well, I have a few questions, you know, about sex. I stare down at my fingers. And I'd like to ask Kate.
You can ask me.
Christian, with all due respect. My voice fades. I can't ask you. I'll get your biased, kinky-as-hell, distorted world-view regarding sex. I want an impartial opinion. It's just about mechanics. I won't mention the Red Room of Pain.
He raises his eyebrows.
Red Room of PainIt's mostly about pleasure, Anastasia. Believe me, he says.
Besides, his tone is harsher. Your room-mate is making the beast with two backs with my brother. I'd really rather you didn't.
Does your family know about your... um predilection?
No. It's none of their business. He saunters toward me until he's standing in front of me.
What do you want to know? he asks, and raising his hand runs his fingers gently down my cheek to my chin, tilting my head back so he can look directly into my eyes. I squirm inwardly. I cannot lie to this man.
Nothing specific at the moment, I whisper.
Well, we can start with - how was last night for you? His eyes burn, filled with curiosity. He's anxious to know. Wow.
Good, I murmur.
His lips lift slightly.
Me too, he murmurs. I've never had vanilla sex before. There's a lot to be said for it. But then, maybe it's because it's with you. He runs his thumb across my lower lip.
I inhale sharply. Vanilla sex?
Come, let's have a bath. He leans down and kisses me. My heart leaps and desire pools way down low... way down there.
The bath is a white stone, deep, egg-shaped affair, very designer. Christian leans over and fills it from the faucet on the tiled wall. He pours some expensive looking bath oil into the water. It foams as the bath fills and smells of sweet sultry Jasmine. He stands and gazes at me, his eyes dark, then peels his t-shirt off and casts it on the floor.
Miss Steele. He holds his hand out.
I'm standing in the doorway, wide-eyed and wary, my arms wrapped around myself. I step forward while surreptitiously admiring his physique. He is just yummy. My subconscious swoons and passes out somewhere in the back of my head. I take his hand, and he bids me to step into the bath while I am still wearing his shirt. I do as I'm told. I'll have to get used to it if I'm going to take him up on his outrageous offer... if! The water is enticingly hot.
Turn around, face me, he orders, his voice soft. I do as I'm bid. He's watching me intently.
I know that lip is delicious, I can attest to that, but will you stop biting it? he says through clenched teeth. You chewing it makes me want to fuck you, and you're sore, okay?
I gasp, automatically unlocking my lip, shocked.
Yeah, he challenges. Got the picture. He glares at me. I nod frantically . I had no idea I could affect him so.
Good. He reaches forward and takes my iPod out of the breast pocket, and he puts it by the sink.
Water and iPods - not a clever combination, he mutters. He reaches down, grasps the hem of my white shirt, lifts it above my head, and discards it on the floor.
He stands back to gaze at me. I'm naked for heaven's sake. I flush crimson and stare down at my hands, level with the base of my belly, and I desperately want to disappear into the hot water and foam, but I know he won't want that.
Hey, he summons me. I peek up at him, and his head is cocked to one side. Anastasia, you're a very beautiful woman, the whole package. Don't hang your head like you're ashamed. You have nothing to be ashamed of, and it's a real joy to stand here and gaze at you. He takes my chin in his hand and tilts my head up to reach his eyes. They are soft and warm, heated even. Oh my. He's so close. I could just reach up and touch him.
You can sit down now. He halts my scattered thoughts, and I scoot down into the warm, welcoming water. Ooh... it stings. Which takes me by surprise, but it smells heavenly too, and the initial smarting pain soon ebbs away. I lie back and briefly close my eyes, relaxing in the soothing warmth. When I open them, he is gazing down at me.
Why don't you join me? I ask, bravely I think - my voice husky.
I think I will. Move forward, he orders.
He strips out of his PJ pants and climbs in behind me. The water rises as he sits and pulls me against his chest. He places his long legs over mine, his knees bent and his ankles level with mine, and he pulls his feet apart, opening my legs. I gasp in surprise. His nose is in my hair and he inhales deeply.
You smell so good, Anastasia.
A tremor runs through my whole body. I am naked, in a bath with Christian Grey.
He's naked. If someone had told me I'd be doing this when I woke up in his hotel suite yesterday, I would not have believed them.
He reaches for a bottle of body wash from the built-in shelf beside the bath and squirts some into his hand. He rubs his hands together, creating a soft, foaming lather, and he closes his hands around my neck and starts to rub the soap into my neck and shoulders, massaging firmly with his long, strong fingers. I groan. His hands on me feel good.
You like that? I hear his smile.
Hmm.
He moves down my arms, then under them to my underarms washing gently. I'm so glad Kate insisted I shave. His hands glide across to my breasts, and I inhale sharply as his fingers encircle them and start kneading gently, taking no prisoners. My body bows instinctively, pushing my breasts into his hands. My nipples are tender. Very tender, no doubt from his less-than-delicate treatment of them last night. He doesn't linger long and glides his hands down to my stomach and belly. My breathing increases, and my heart is racing. His growing erection presses against my behind. It's such a turn-on knowing that it's my body making him feel this way. Ha... not your mind. My subconscious sneers. I shake off the unwelcome thought.
He stops and reaches for a washcloth as I pant against him, wanting... needing. My hands rest on his firm, muscular thighs. Squirting more soap on to the washcloth, he leans down and washes between my legs. I hold my breath. His fingers skillfully stimulating me through the cloth, it's heavenly, and my hips start moving at their own rhythm, pushing against his hand. As the sensations take over, I tilt my head back, my eyes rolling to the back of my head, my mouth slack, and I groan. The pressure is building slowly, inexorably inside me ... oh my.
Feel it, baby, Christian whispers in my ear and very gently grazes my earlobe with his teeth. Feel it for me. My legs are pinioned by his to the side of the bath, holding me prisoner, giving him easy access to this most private part of myself.
Oh... please, I whisper. I try to stiffen my legs as my body goes rigid. I am in a sexual thrall to this man, and he doesn't let me move.
I think you're clean enough now, he murmurs, and he stops. What! No! No! No!
My breathing is ragged.
Why are you stopping? I gasp.
Because I have other plans for you Anastasia.
What... oh my... but... I was... that's not fair.
Turn around. I need washing, too, he murmurs.
Oh! Turning to face him, I'm shocked to find he has his erection firmly in his grasp.
My mouth drops open.
I want you to become well acquainted, on first name terms if you will, with my favorite and most cherished part of my body. I'm very attached to this.
It's so big and growing. His erection is above the water line, the water lapping at his hips. I glance up at him and come face to face with his wicked grin. He's enjoying my astounded expression. I realize that I'm staring. I swallow. That was inside me! It doesn't seem possible. He wants me to touch him. Hmm... okay, bring it on.
I smile at him and reach for the body wash, squirting some soap onto my hand. I do as he's done, lathering the soap in my hands until they are foamy. I do not take my eyes off his. My lips are parted to accommodate my breathing... very deliberately I gently bite my bottom lip and then run my tongue across it, tracing where my teeth have been. His eyes are serious and dark, and they widen as my tongue skims my lower lip. I reach forward and place one of my hands around him, mirroring how he's holding himself. His eyes close briefly. Wow... feels much firmer than I expect. I squeeze, and he places his hand over mine.Like this, he whispers, and he moves his hand up and down with a firm grip round my fingers, and my fingers tighten around him. He closes his eyes again, and his breath hitches in his throat. When he opens them again, his gaze is scorching molten gray. That's right, baby.
He releases my hand, leaving me to continue alone, and closes his eyes as I move up and down his length. He flexes his hips slightly into my hand and reflexively I grasp him tighter. A low groan escapes from deep within his throat. Fuck my mouth... hmm. I remember him pushing his thumb in my mouth and asking me to suck, hard. His mouth drops open slightly as his breathing increases. I lean forward, while he has his eyes closed, and place my lips around him and tentatively suck, running my tongue over the tip.
Whoa... Ana. His eyes fly open, and I suck harder.
Hmm... he's soft and hard at once, like steel encased in velvet, and surprisingly tasty
- salty and smooth.
Christ, he groans, and he closes his eyes again.
Moving down, I push him into my mouth. He groans again. Ha! My inner goddess is thrilled. I can do this. I can fuck him with my mouth. I twirl my tongue around the tip again, and he flexes his hips. His eyes are open now, blistering with heat. His teeth are clenched as he flexes again, and I push him deeper into my mouth, supporting myself on his thighs. I feel his legs tense beneath my hands. He reaches up and grabs my pigtails and starts to really move.
Oh... baby... that feels good, he murmurs. I suck harder, flicking my tongue across the head of his impressive erection. Wrapping my teeth behind my lips, I clamp my mouth around him. His breath hisses between his teeth, and he groans.
Jesus. How far can you go? he whispers.
Hmm... I pull him deeper into my mouth so I can feel him at the back of my throat and then to the front again. My tongue swirls around the end. He's my very own Christian Grey flavor popsicle. I suck harder and harder, pushing him deeper and deeper, swirling my tongue round and round. Hmm... I had no idea giving pleasure could be such a turn-on, watching him writhe subtly with carnal longing. My inner goddess is doing the merengue with some salsa moves.
Anastasia, I'm going to come in your mouth, his breathy tone is warning. If you don't want me to, stop now. He flexes his hips again, his eyes are wide, wary, and filled with salacious need - need for me. Need for my mouth... oh my.
Holy crap. His hands are really gripping my hair. I can do this. I push even harder and, in a moment of extraordinary confidence, I bare my teeth. It tips him over the edge.
He cries out and stills, and I can feel warm, salty liquid oozing down my throat. I swallow quickly. Ugh... I'm not sure about this. But one look at him, and he's come apart in the bath because of me, and I don't care. I sit back and watch him, a triumphant, gloating smile tugging at the corners of my lips. His breathing is ragged. Opening his eyes, he glares at me. Don't you have a gag reflex? he asks, astonished. Christ, Ana... that was... good, really good, unexpected though. He frowns. You know, you never cease to amaze me.
I smile and consciously bite my lip. He eyes me speculatively.
Have you done that before?
No. And I can't help the small tinge of pride in my denial.
Good, he says complacently and, I think, relieved. Yet another first, Miss Steele.
He looks appraisingly at me. Well, you get an A in oral skills. Come, let's go to bed, I owe you an orgasm.
Orgasm! Another one!
Quickly, he clambers out of the bath, giving me my first full glimpse of the Adonis, divinely formed, that is Christian Grey. My inner goddess has stopped dancing and is staring too, mouth open and drooling slightly. His erection tamed, but still substantial... wow. He wraps a small towel around his waist, covering the essentials, and holds out a larger fluffy white towel for me. Climbing out of the bath, I take his proffered hand. He wraps me in the towel, pulls me into his arms, and kisses me hard, pushing his tongue into my mouth.
I long to reach round and embrace him... touch him... but he has my arms trapped in the towel. I'm soon lost in his kiss. He cradles my head, his tongue exploring my mouth, and I get a sense he's expressing his gratitude - maybe - for my first blowjobWhoa?
He pulls away, his hands on either side of my face, staring intently into my eyes. He looks lost.
Say yes, he whispers fervently.
I frown, not understanding.
To what?
Yes to our arrangement. To being mine. Please, Ana, he whispers, emphasizing the last word and my name, pleading. He kisses me again, sweetly, passionately, before he stands back and stares at me, blinking slightly. He takes my hand and leads me back to his bedroom, leaving me reeling, so I follow him meekly. Stunned. He really wants this.
In his bedroom, he stares down at me as we stand by his bed.
Trust me? he asks suddenly. I nod, wide-eyed with the sudden realization that I do trust him. What's he going to do to me now An electric thrill hums through me.
Good girl, he breathes, his thumb brushing my bottom lip. He steps away into his closet and comes back with a silver-grey silk woven tie.
Knit your hands together in front of you, he orders as he peels the towel off me and throws it on the floor.
I do as he asks, and he binds my wrists together with his tie, knotting it firmly. His eyes are bright with wild excitement. He tugs at the binding. It's secure. Some boy scout he must have been to learn these knots. What nowMy pulse has gone through the roof, my heart beating a frantic tattoo. He runs his fingers down my pigtails.
You look so young with these, he murmurs and moves forward. Instinctively, I move back until I feel the bed against the back of my knees. He drops his towel, but I can't take my eyes off his face. His expression is ardent, full of desire.
Oh, Anastasia, what shall I do to you? he whispers as he lowers me on to the bed, lying beside me, and raising my hands above my head.
Keep your hands up here, don't move them, understand? His eyes burn into mine, and I'm breathless from their intensity. This is not a man I want to cross... ever.
Answer me, he demands, his voice soft.
I won't move my hands. I'm breathless.
Good girl, he murmurs and deliberately licks his lips slowly. I'm mesmerized by his tongue as it sweeps slowly over his upper lip. He's staring into my eyes, watching me, appraising. He leans down and plants a chaste, swift kiss on my lips.
I'm going to kiss you all over, Miss Steele, he says softly, and he cups my chin, pushing it up giving him access to my throat. His lips glide down my throat, kissing, sucking, and nipping, to the small dip at the base of my neck. My body leaps to attention... everywhere. My recent bath experience has made my skin hyper-sensitive. My heated blood pools low in my belly, between my legs, right down there. I groan.
I want to touch him. I move my hands and rather awkwardly, given I'm restrained, feel his hair. He stops kissing me and glares up at me, shaking his head from side to side, tutting as he does. He reaches for my hands and places them above my head again.
Don't move your hands, or we just have to start all over again, he scolds me mildly.
Oh, he's such a tease.
I want to touch you. My voice is all breathy and out of control.
I know, he murmurs. Keep your hands above your head, he orders, his voice forceful.
He cups my chin again and starts to kiss my throat as before. Oh... he's so frustrating.
His hands run down my body and over my breasts as he reaches the dip at the base of my neck with his lips. He swirls the tip of his nose around it then begins a very leisurely cruise with his mouth, heading south, following the path of his hands, down my sternum to my breasts. Each one is kissed and nipped gently and my nipples tenderly sucked. Holy crap.
My hips start swaying and moving of their own accord, grinding to the rhythm of his mouth on me, and I'm desperately trying to remember to keep my hands above my head.
Keep still, he warns, his breath warm against my skin. Reaching my navel, he dips his tongue inside, and then gently grazes my belly with his teeth. My body bows off the bed.Hmm. You are so sweet, Miss Steele. His nose glides along the line between my belly and my pubic hair, biting me gently, teasing me with his tongue. Sitting up suddenly, he kneels at my feet, grasping both my ankles and spreading my legs wide.
Holy shit. He grabs my left foot, bends my knee, and brings my foot up to his mouth.
Watching and assessing my every reaction, he tenderly kisses each of my toes then bites each one of them softly on the pads. When he reaches my little toe, he bites harder, and I convulse, whimpering. He glides his tongue up my instep - and I can no longer watch him.
It's too erotic. I'm going to combust. I squeeze my eyes shut and try to absorb and manage all the sensations he's creating. He kisses my ankle and trails kisses up my calf to my knee, stopping just above. He then starts on my right foot, repeating the whole, seductive, mind-blowing process.
Oh, please, I moan as he bites my little toe, the action resonating deep in my belly.
All good things, Miss Steele, he breathes.
This time he doesn't stop at my knee, he continues up the inside of my thigh, pushing my thighs apart as he does. And I know what he's going to do, and part of me wants to push him off because I'm mortified and embarrassed. He's going to kiss me there! I know it. And part of me is glorying in the anticipation. He turns to my other knee and kisses his way up my thigh, kissing, licking, sucking, and then he's between my legs, running his nose up and down my sex, very softly, very gently. I writhe... oh my.
He stops, waiting for me to calm. I do and raise my head to gaze at him, my mouth open as my pounding heart struggles to come out.
Do you know how intoxicating you smell, Miss Steele? he murmurs, and keeping his eyes on mine, he pushes his nose into my pubic hair and inhales.
I flush scarlet, everywhere, feeling faint, and I instantly close my eyes. I can't watch him do that!
He blows gently up the length of my sex. Oh fuck...
I like this. He gently tugs at my pubic hair. Perhaps we'll keep this.
Oh... please, I beg.
Hmm, I like it when you beg me, Anastasia.
I groan.
Tit for tat is not my usual style, Miss Steele, he whispers as he gently blows up and down me. But you've pleased me today, and you should be rewarded. I hear the wicked grin in his voice, and while my body is singing from his words, his tongue starts to slowly circle my clitoris as his hands hold down my thighs.
Aargh! I moan as my body bows and convulses at the touch of his tongue.
He swirls his tongue round and round, again and again, keeping up the torture. I'm losing all sense of self, every atom of my being concentrating hard on that small, potent powerhouse at the apex of my thighs. My legs go rigid, and he slips his finger inside me, and I hear his growling groan.
Oh, baby. I love that you're so wet for me.
He moves his finger in a wide circle, stretching me, pulling at me, his tongue mirroring his actions, round and round, I groan. It is too much... My body begs for relief, and I can no longer deny it. I let go, losing all cogent thought as my orgasm seizes me, wringing my insides again and again. Holy fuck. I cry out, and the world dips and disappears from view as the force of my climax renders everything null and void.
I am panting and vaguely hear the rip of foil. Very slowly he eases into me and starts to move. Oh... my. The feeling is sore and sweet, and bold and gentle all at once.
How's this? he breathes.
Fine. Good, I breathe. And he really starts to move, fast, hard, and large, thrusting into me over and over, implacable, pushing me and pushing me until I am close to the edge again. I whimper.
Come for me, baby. His voice is harsh, hard, raw at my ear, and I explode around him as he pounds rapidly into me.
Thank fuck, he whispers, and he thrusts hard once more and groans as he reaches his climax, pressing himself into me. Then he stills, his body rigid.
Collapsing on top of me, I feel his full weight forcing me into the mattress. I pull my tied hands over his neck and hold him the best I can. I know in that moment that I would do anything for this man. I am his. The wonder that he's introduced me to, it's beyond anything I could have imagined. And he wants to take it further, so much further, to a place I can't, in my innocence, even imagine. Oh... what to do?
He leans up on his elbows and stares down at me, gray eyes intense.
See how good we are together, he murmurs. If you give yourself to me, it will be so much better. Trust me, Anastasia, I can take you places you don't even know exist.
His words echo my thoughts. He strokes his nose against mine. I am still reeling from my extraordinary physical reaction to him, and I gaze up at him blankly, grasping for a coherent thought.
Suddenly we both become aware of voices in the hall outside his bedroom door. It takes a moment to process what I can hear.
But if he's still in bed, then he must be ill. He's never in bed at this time. Christian never sleeps in.
Mrs. Grey, please.
Taylor. You cannot keep me from my son.
Mrs. Grey, he's not alone.
What do you mean he's not alone?
He has someone with him.
 Oh...  Even I hear the disbelief in her voice.
Christian blinks rapidly, staring down at me, wide-eyed with humored horror.
Shit! It's my mother.